Fixes #2 - Documentation (#19)
2kodevs/Azul-Game: README.md

# Azul-Game

This project simulates an Azul game using the Prolog programming language. 

## Starting
To use the project, clone it or download it to your local computer.

### Requirements 📋

> It is necessary to have `swi-prolog`, to use the project rules for run the game and the test suit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is necessary to have `swi-prolog`, version `7.6.4`, to use the project rules to run the game and the test suit. 
```

To install the depencies run:
```
make install
```

### Execution ▶️

To execute the project, just open the console from the root location of the project and execute:
```
make run
```

> The previous rule run a standar game of 4 players and 9 factories. To modify this values use change the Makefile parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous rule run a standard game of 4 players and 9 factories. To modify this values change the Makefile parameters:
```

```
make run players=3 fac=5
```

> After that you could see the description of th game events in `log.log` file by default but this behaivior is modifiable use the `file` variable. If you need more details about the game events change the variable `level` to debug:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that you could see the description of the game events in `log.log` file by default, but this behavior is modifiable using the `file` variable. If you need more details about the game events, change the variable `level` to **debug**:
```
